# ECE470_project
In this project, we will be creating a program that acts as a pool simulator. A robot arm will grab blocks from a given position and randomly drop them around the area in reach of the robot arm. A camera will watch over the area and relay information to the robot so that the robot knows where the blocks are positioned. Using these final positioned blocks, the robot will choose one block to hold with the suction from the gripper. Using the block it will collide with the other blocks in a certain way to make sure that the block is pushed to one side of the robot arm. It is more akin to raking leaves into a pile rather than pool ball.

Project Update 1:
During this update we were able to use the existing lab 2 code from Towers of Hanoi in order to spawn blocks properly in set positions. We then used the robot to pick and drop the blocks randomly across the board. We were able to show that the robot is moving properly and working with sensors based on our code in the youtube video and we output to the screen if the gripper has the proper values after each suction. In the next update we will be adding the camera sensor in order to make the robot find the blocks properly using forward kinematics.

Project Update 2:
During this update we tried to incorporate online Lab 5's files and image detection to our project. We were able to correctly implement our forward/inverse kinematics as shown in the video. The video contains the demo that shows the final theta values. While we were unable to make the final position work properly in Gazebo due to the fact that our starting positions for the blocks were not being published properly. We will be working on this for the final update to make sure that we are properly able to move the block and be able to play "pool".

Project Update 3:
During this update we tried to edit the Lab 5 exececution file in order to allow the block to be placed right next to the block that was to be pushed to the endzone. We were able to place it properly and are trying to make this work in a simulation. We tried adding a swing function. The swing function was not as easy as expected since the arm moves similar to a moveJ and stops at the end point. So for the final update we will be adding this to the simulation along with finishing the swing function.
